New landing page for Documentation (#406)
kernelci/kernelci-project: kernelci.org/content/en/_index.md

    path: "/**"
---

Welcome to the KernelCI documentation website.

<div class="container border border-primary rounded p-2">
  <h2 class="text-center">
    <a href="kernel-community">Kernel Community</a>
  </h2>

>   <p class="text-center">Start here if you are Kernel developer/maintainers
>   and want to add your tree and tests...</p>

Reviewer: Sorry, another slight tweak.

```suggestion
  <p class="text-center">Start here if you are a Kernel developer/maintainer
  and want to add your tree and tests.</p>
```

</div>

<div class="container border border-primary rounded p-2 mt-3">
  <h2 class="text-center">
    <a href="labs">Labs</a>
  </h2>
  <p class="text-center">Start here if you want to add a lab to run KernelCI tests.</p>
</div>

<div class="container border border-primary rounded p-2 mt-3">
  <h2 class="text-center">
    <a href="kcidb">KCIDB</a>
  </h2>

>   <p class="text-center">Start here if you want
>   to contribute yours results to the KernelCI common database. KCIDB can receive tests results from any CI system.</p>

Reviewer: Sorry, another slight tweak.

```suggestion
  <p class="text-center">Start here if you want
  to contribute your results to the KernelCI common database. KCIDB can receive test results from any CI system.</p>
```

</div>

<div class="container border border-primary rounded p-2 mt-3">
  <h2 class="text-center">
    <a href="architecture">Contributing to KernelCI</a>
  </h2>
  <p class="text-center">Start here if you want to contribute to KernelCI and learn

>   more about our <a href="architecture">technical architecture</a>...</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  more about our <a href="architecture">technical architecture</a>.</p>
```

Author: added to the new version.
